Update documentation (#250)
xenit-eu/dynamic-extensions-for-alfresco: documentation/Building_Bundles.md

# Building Dynamic Extensions compatible Bundles

## Required Java dependencies

To be able to use the Dynamic Extensions annotations and webscripts, following two dependencies are required
to compile a Dynamic Extensions Java Bundle:

```xml
        <dependency>
            <groupId>eu.xenit.de</groupId>
            <artifactId>annotations</artifactId>
            <version>${dynamic.extensions.version}</version>
            <scope>provided</scope>
        </dependency>
        <dependency>
            <groupId>eu.xenit.de</groupId>
            <artifactId>webscripts</artifactId>
            <version>${dynamic.extensions.version}</version>
            <scope>provided</scope>
        </dependency>
```

> When using the Dynamic Extensions Gradle plugin, these dependencies will automatically be included to your project.

Reviewer: Link `Dynamic Extensions Gradle plugin` to the docs of the plugin

## Building DE OSGi Bundles

Dynamic Extensions uses the OSGi specification to enable hot reloading of Java 
code. Therefore, [OSGi bundles](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OSGi#Bundles) 
are the unit of deployment for Dynamic Extensions Alfresco extension points.

> Dynamic Extensions Bundles are build by just adding some custom `META-INF/MANIFEST.MF` headers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dynamic Extensions Bundles are built by adding custom `META-INF/MANIFEST.MF` headers
```

to the standard OSGi Bundle headers.

* `Alfresco-Dynamic-Extension: true`  
    Indicates that an OSGi Bundle is a 'Dynamic Alfresco Extension' and enables the 
    Alfresco integration.
    
* `Alfresco-Spring-Configuration: eu.xenit.de.example`  

>     This header can be used to indicate which packages of your Bundle need to be scanned for Spring beans.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This optional header can be used to indicate which packages of your Bundle need to be scanned for Spring beans.  
```

    If this header is not present, Dynamic Extensions will scan for Spring XML configuration files in the 
    `/META-INF/spring` directory of the Bundle.  

>     If the header is not provided and there is not Spring XML configuration present in the bundle, all the packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If there also is no Spring XML configuration present in the bundle, all the packages
```

    

### Building DE OSGi Bundles using Gradle

// TODO

### Building DE OSGi Bundles using Maven

Dynamic Extensions does not provide a maintained Maven equivalent for the Gradle plugin. 
Nevertheless, since DE Bundles are basically just OSGi bundles, the 
`org.apache.felix:maven-bundle-plugin` plugin can be used to build Dynamic Extensions compatible 
Bundles.

```xml
    <plugin>
        <groupId>org.apache.felix</groupId>
        <artifactId>maven-bundle-plugin</artifactId>
        <version>${version}</version>
        <!-- This option enables custom bundle headers in the <instructions> -->
        <extensions>true</extensions>
        <configuration>
            <instructions>
                <Alfresco-Dynamic-Extension>true</Alfresco-Dynamic-Extension>
                <Alfresco-Spring-Configuration>eu.xenit.de.example</Alfresco-Spring-Configuration>
                
                <!-- Optionally, the Package headers can be customized
                <Import-Package></Import-Package>
                <Export-Package></Export-Package>                
                 -->
            </instructions>
        </configuration>
    </plugin>
```

> Have a look at the plugin's [detailed documentation](https://felix.apache.org/documentation/subprojects/apache-felix-maven-bundle-plugin-bnd.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Have a look at the [detailed documentation of the bundle plugin](https://felix.apache.org/documentation/subprojects/apache-felix-maven-bundle-plugin-bnd.html)
```

for more information.

## Assembling DE Bundles into an AMP

To package DE Bundles into an AMP, all that need to happen is to put the DE Bundle inside the 
`config/dynamic-extensions/bundles` directory inside the AMP.

### Assembling Bundles into an AMP using Gradle

> The Alfresco Gradle SDK has support for building AMP's with DE Bundles. Please have a look at the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Alfresco Gradle SDK has support for building AMPs with DE Bundles. Please have a look at the 
```

        </dependency>
```

> When using the [Dynamic Extensions Gradle plugin](#Building DE OSGi Bundles using Gradle), 

Reviewer 2: This anchor doesn't work, make it `#building-de-osgi-bundles-using-gradle`
